APPS IN A TRENCH COAT BREAKDOWN
MVP plan.
We are going to get body/mind/choice working well, and add Addy (as a cute little chat bubble toward the bottom that can read context on the relevant pages) and change "guide" to "forge" and add the tracker builder. Ship this, then work on the rest!  (Oh, maybe toss in journal, but only cause its pretty much already done and good.) We do want individual tracker analytics done before we ship, and to be CERTAIN the g-spot works. 

Master Planz
Daily tab -
	We wanted to change this to Zone (Command Zone. I am silly.)
We are going to make this more like a “quest hub” where it has the “to dos” and stuff with rewards and Addy can help prioritize and suggest things like “hey frand, last 3 times you started with dishes you were dead by noon, want to consider that insurance call first even though phones are the devil?”  Will also contain the survival box and the “tuck in tracker” flow and maybe if we can wrangle it the “text to speech to useful to do list” concept (especially on mobile)
Body - 
All the trackers are done (yay!) EXCEPT we need to add analytics to everything and double check that tags had been reactivated correctly in everything (and that they all work correctly and have all their dependencies in Tauri.)  We want to get rid of the (+) symbol on the body page cause we’re not using it, and we need to fix it so clicking on the help button (?) doesn’t take you to the tracker but only takes you to the help modal for the tracker on close. 
Vitals - Will want to make this for mobile since we’re going to be able to build a mobile version that works.  (Yay!!!)  Scrape from watches and rings and Dexcoms and shit and use the analytics!  
Mind - 
Sadly, pretty much 100% lost in Cursor-pocolypse. Need to rebuild 100%.  Need to move Sensory Preferences and Crisis Plan to Choice and entirely build out the rest.
Choice - 
Remove the “Available” and “coming soon” flags (we ship NOTHING that isn’t ready!) and build out the coping and regulation stuff.  We had really good grounding and coping stuff in the old one, including several different options and the ability to track what was actually being used and finished and then asking users if it helped or not so we could recommend it next time.  (You did AMAZING on it last time!)  Like you had countdowns for box breathing and progressive muscle relaxation and it was glorious.  We can rebuild!
We also want to like I said, move the sensory and crisis over here, and maybe do some guided crisis planning (including maybe helping people find local resources that don’t call police in a crisis, queer friendly crisis resources, and a “click to dial/website” option on everything we can to make it panic friendly?
Plan - 
Another one that Cursor ate everything we DID have, albeit we did not have that much.  I think we can actually lose the cards that say “monthly” and “weekly” that live on /plan because they have their own sidebar panel and it feels redundant (maybe not on mobile but for desktop it is) and “daily” I do think I like the idea of “zone” or “quest log” or… something a bit less “you failed if you didn’t get it done today”?  I think we can ditch the “notes” section because we have the whole journal section.  I want to build the schedule and tasks into the daily zone concept not as their own things?  Like “hand Addy everything you’d do today if you had the executive function of a caffeinated neurotypical ablebodied 22 year old and they’ll prioritize it the best they can given your actual reality”. And, ya know, use the trackers system (oh, dear, you reported you had a seizure this morning, maybe you’re not going to CVS right now…) to shuffle things as necessary? (Maybe even able to check the web if given access to say “hey love, CVS delivers in your area, want to check your budget module to see if that’s feasible given today is shit?”)  So most of this would be as “zone” instead of “daily” and come OUT of “plan”.  Oh, and I almost forgot meals!  We don’t need meal tracking here (we have that in body and in choice) but we do want meal planning, grocery lists, and recipe collection, and if we can make this SMART my bestie Kate would REALLY APPRECIATE IT.  Like I want to be able to paste in my recipe (just ctrl-v from the website) have it parse (or Addy, whatever, regex is often really stupid) and figure out my grocery list for me for the week and then be able to sync it to my phone to take to the store.  I also want to tell the stupid recipe I cook for 6 not 4. (And Kate cooks for 2 not 4.)  Recipes are dumb.  Oh, STRETCH GOAL but not a NEED would be a pantry/freezer tracker, and then the ability to look at my saved recipes based on my freezer tracker.  (Like, “oh I have chicken that needs to be eaten, let me go find a good thighs recipe.)  But that’s stretch goalz. (This is a Kate want not a Ren want and while I like making the Kates happy we are starting with the Rens.  LOL) I also think I want to move “Chore Chart & Adulting” over here because “manage” is pretty much medical stuff so moving this over here will balance more.  I would love the chore chart and adulting stuff to include ideas on what things should actually be done in a household, how often, WHY, realistic hacks if you can’t but don’t want to be gross “yes, you should probably shower, but Addy gets it if you really Just Can’t.  Try some dry shampoo and baby wipes on the pits” type stuff.  The “I get it is an awful pain day and survival feels optional but picking up the animal waste never is type stuff.  You know THAT STUFF.
Manage -
Medications - so we totally yeeted the OCR because it was being regex hell shit.  I am HOPING Addy might suck slightly less on this and we can readd “take a photo and it adds your meds for you”.  We definitely want to add provider website and pharmacy website to the medication add (with clicky!) so when it’s time to refill I can just come over here and click on the sucker.  I don’t think we actually had planned to build in side effect analytics, but looking at it right now, we need to?  That’d be HUGE!  So yeah, an analytics engine for meds! 
Providers - We do still have the “paste and parse” engine (again, regex sucks) but maybe with Addy setup we can do image paste and not have it suck?  Because the current version with Regex is mid at best.  Otherwise this one is pretty good.
Timeline/History/Lab - This is the crux of why I want Addy with eyes.  :D I wantto be able to upload my PDFs and I have TONS of them and have Addy read them and create a timeline of health bullshit! I need to be able to edit the timeline (because doctors are fuckwads and put stupid stuff in there) but being able to import the PDFs and export to my doctors “no, really, PE in 2009” would be clutch.  Also once you upload the whole ass timeline for us REALLY BROKEN people it would be analytics heaven! (and again, great for those SSDI lawyers, especially if we have Addy able to translate from “Journal entry” to “doctorease” to “lawyer speak”?  I am totally willing to pivot to the Gemma 3 7b for that if we need to, too.  Bigger, but like, might be worth it.) <for the record, right here is when I started on the multiple apps in a trench coat thing. This timeline is a separate app in a trenchcoat for sure.  Someone else might be completely content typing in “lupus” & diabetes and calling it a day.)
Missed work & disability - these exist in the old caresv3 folder and they were fabulous but need importing.  Combine with employment history.
Family history - app in a trenchcoat warning.  I am a genetics NERD.  I am worse about this than I am vibecoding.  If we can find a way to not only add family medical history but ALSO genetic variants AND have Addy gently explain WTF it means (no, MTHFR is not an issue, NO your het HFE variant isn’t going to kill you, that one off Ancestry is a known bad call, maybe talk to your doctor on that one.  Totally recognizing this one may require us to do API calls to Nam on ServerBlorb and is definitely wearing a trenchcoat.)
Document vault - we had renamed Insurance Cards and just had photos so people don’t mistakenly put their social security numbers and shit in here.  Probably really only needs to be mobile
Patterns -
Wow, this page still 404s.  Heh.  We want this to be master analytics, show as much as we can. This is also where we should build PDF export options and have Addy explain what stuff means.
Journal -
We have a few different journal sections going and I’m mostly OK with it but the main page has both inline photos and a photo spot on the bottom which seems redundant. It could be fun maybe to add a “shared” Journal that you could QR with spouse or kid or whoever and write back and forth on the same WiFi and get a notification when they update but otherwise it stays private?  (Definite stretch goal.)  Would also be a ton of fun to have an Addy enhanced journal tab?
Guide - 
pretty much currently not working.  LOL  I am not sure I even want it like this?  I am almost thinking maybe we build Addy as a little pop up frando in the bottom corner like other little chatbots on websites?  But that can read the page so they can see what’s going on and explain given context? 
